Added the ability to exclude frontend reload script injection via configuration (#1457)
rooseveltframework/roosevelt: README.md

    {
      "enable": true,
      "port": 9856,
      "httpsPort": 9857,

>       "excludeRoutes": []

Reviewer: The HTML minifier has a similar param called `exceptionRoutes`, either this new one, or the old one should be renamed for consistency.

    }
    ```

>   - `excludeRoutes`: Reload auto script injection happens on all HTML routes by default unless specified in `excludeRoutes`. An array of valid glob patterns is accepted

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `excludeRoutes`: List of routes to exclude from Reload automatically injecting its script onto.
    - Default: *[Array]* with no items in it. This means Reload will inject its script on all routes by default.
```
